in this video,
we'll look at how you assign a keyboard shortcut to a macro.
Now.
Naturally,
word has a lot of built in shortcuts itself.
So it's important that when you assign your own keyboard shortcuts,
you avoid clashing with words many built in shortcuts.
The macro to which will be assigning a short cut is the one that we recorded two videos ago
.
So we'll start by activating the template or added that contains it now.
Windows 2007.
You got to the quick access toolbar and choose more commands.
Then,
at the bottom of the screen,
click on the customized button next to keyboard shortcuts on Windows 2010.
In 2013 go to the file menu Jews Options and then click on customized ribbon.
At the bottom of the dialogue.
You'll see keyboard shortcuts with the same customized button in the top left of the
customized keyboard.
Dialogue in the category section.
Scroll down to find back Rose.
Then on the right,
you'll see our macro listed next week in the box marked Press New short Cut key.
And of course,
what we want to do here is to come up with a shortcut,
which we know is available.
Let's do something that we know is not available.
So,
for example,
control,
See?
Yes,
you can see it tells us this is a sign to edit copy.
So let's delete this.
A simple way of avoiding these classes is to use old in combination with two letters,
so this may not be as fast.
A keyboard shortcut is some of the built in ones,
but it's still useful,
and it does avoid the possibility of clash in with the built in shortcuts.
So our macro is called cleanup text.
We could therefore use Walt.
See you.
So we hold down the old key and instead of press Inches,
one letter,
press two,
the key thing that we're looking for is that it's currently unassigned.
Once we're happy with that,
we click on the assigned button on that short cut,
then gets listed as the short cut associate ID with our macro That's close.
Click OK,
and then let's test it.
So let's go into the getting started folder and use the file that we've used before.
So now we press old see you and this runs out macro to assign a keyboard shortcut to a
macro inward 2007.
Choose more commands from the customized Quick Access Toolbar menu in where 2010 in 2013
which is file options,
customize ribbon to avoid clashes with other keyboard commands.
It is a good idea to use a short cut.
It combines the old key with two key strokes.